README.md, before:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

# Apache YuniKorn (Incubating) Release
----
This project provides the instructions and tools needed to generate Apache YuniKorn (Incubating) release artifacts.
Reference:
 - [ASF Release Creation Process](https://infra.apache.org/release-publishing.html)
 - [ASF Release Policy](http://www.apache.org/legal/release-policy.html).

# Release Procedure

- Create a release branch for the target release in all git repos, such as `branch-0.8`
- Stabilize the release branch
- Create a tag and prepare to generate the release, e.g `v0.8.0`
- Configure `tools/release-configs.json`
- Run script `tools/build-release.py` to generate source code tarball
- Sign the release
- Upload tarball, signature and checksum
- Start a voting thread for the project followed by an incubator voting thread 
- Publish the release

See full document at this [doc](docs/release-procedure.md)

Commit message:

[YUNIKORN-312] Update release procedure and tool
Update the release tool to add checksum generation and signing the source
tar ball automatically (CLI option --sign)
Update the release procedure to match the tool. Add numerous missing steps
to the documentation.
Add license headers to the files that were missing one.

README.md, after:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Apache YuniKorn (Incubating) Release
----
This project provides the instructions and tools needed to generate Apache YuniKorn (Incubating) release artifacts.
Reference:
 - [ASF Release Creation Process](https://infra.apache.org/release-publishing.html)
 - [ASF Release Policy](http://www.apache.org/legal/release-policy.html).

# Release Procedure
A simplified procedure: 
- Create a release branch in all git repos, such as `branch-0.8`
- Stabilize the release
- Create a tag and prepare to generate the release, e.g `v0.8.0`
- Run the release tool to generate source code tarball, checksum and signature
- Upload tarball, signature and checksum as a release candidate
- Start a voting thread for the project followed by an incubator voting thread 
- Publish the release

The full procedure is documented in the [release procedure](docs/release-procedure.md).
